An incision was made approximately 1 fingerbreadth above the pubic tubercle and in a skin crease. Spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy (SBMA) is inherited motor neuron disease caused by the expansion of a polyglutamine tract within the androgen receptor. Consult for laparoscopic gastric bypass.First heterotransplantation of a human carcinoid tumor into nude mice. The first successful heterotransplantation of a human carcinoid tumor into nude mice is reported. CSH, a voluminous hepatic metastasis of a primary bronchial carcinoid tumor (CSB) was resected and transplanted into three irradiated nude (Swiss-nu/nu) mice both by subcutaneous (SC) and intramuscular (IM) routes; the success rate was five of six. Heterotransplanted tumors took 4 to 5 months to appear in the mice and 1 month to attain a width of 0.5 cm. Both human and mouse tumors (named CSH-SC and CSH-IM) were studied by light and electron microscopy. They were Grimelius-positive, neuron-specific enolase-positive, and bombesin-negative by immunocytochemistry. Furthermore, CSH-SC cells presented characteristic (pear-shaped, rod-shaped, or tadpole-shaped) neurosecretory granules. Although CSB and CSH were slightly serotonin positive by immunocytochemistry, only a few serotonin-positive cells were found in CSH-SC and none in CSH-IM, suggesting partial loss of differentiation or an increase in serotonin catabolism during transplantation.  A prospective evaluation of the immediate reproducibility of the signal-averaged ECG. The purpose of this investigation was to prospectively evaluate the immediate reproducibility of the signal-averaged electrocardiogram (SAECG). A total of 114 patients undergoing evaluation for ventricular arrhythmias were enrolled in this protocol. Two consecutive SAECG's (40 Hz bidirectional high-pass filtering with a computer-automated system) were performed 10 minutes apart. Abnormal SAECG parameters were defined as (1) vector QRS duration more than 120 msec, (2) terminal root mean square (RMS) voltage less than 20 microV, and (3) low-amplitude signal (LAS) duration more than 40 msec. An SAECG was defined as abnormal if at least one vector parameter was abnormal. There was close correlation between vector parameters during the two SAECG observations: QRS duration had the highest reproducibility (r2 = 0.97, p less than 0.001) followed by terminal RMS voltage (r2 = 0.92, p less than 0.001), and LAS duration (r2 = 0.90, p less than 0.001). The mean (+/- SD) percentage of change between the two recordings was 2% +/- 2% of the QRS duration, 13% +/- 22% for terminal RMS voltage, and 7% +/- 11% for LAS duration. The reproducibility of an initially normal SAECG was 92% and of an initially abnormal SAECG, 96%. Seventeen patients (15%) had a change in one of the three vector parameters between the two recordings. There were no clinically significant differences between the 17 patients in whom the SAECG was nonreproducible and the 97 patients in whom the SAECG was reproducible. However, reproducibility was significantly higher in patients with an initially normal versus an initially abnormal SAECG (92% vs 76%, p = 0.03).  Hypertension, lipoprotein(a), and apolipoprotein A-I as risk factors for stroke in the Chinese. We analyzed the serum concentrations of lipids and lipoproteins and the prevalence of other risk factors in a case-control study of 304 consecutive Chinese patients with acute stroke (classified as cerebral infarction, lacunar infarction, or intracerebral hemorrhage) and 304 age- and sex-matched controls. For all strokes we identified the following risk factors: a history of ischemic heart disease, diabetes mellitus, or hypertension; the presence of atrial fibrillation or left ventricular hypertrophy; a glycosylated hemoglobin A1 concentration of greater than 9.1%; a fasting plasma glucose concentration 3 months after stroke of greater than 6.0 mmol/l; a serum triglyceride concentration 3 months after stroke of greater than 2.1 mmol/l; and a serum lipoprotein(a) concentration of greater than 29.2 mg/dl. We found the following protective factors: a serum high density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration of greater than 1.59 mmol/l and a serum apolipoprotein A-I concentration of greater than or equal to 106 mg/dl. The patterns of risk factors differed among the three stroke subtypes. When significant risk factors were entered into a multiple logistic regression model, we found a history of hypertension, a high serum lipoprotein(a) concentration, and a low apolipoprotein A-I concentration to be independent risk factors for all strokes. The attributable risk for hypertension was estimated to be 24% in patients aged greater than or equal to 60 years. In this population, in which cerebrovascular diseases are the third commonest cause of mortality, identification of risk factors will allow further studies in risk factor modification for the prevention of stroke.  Prevalence of air bronchograms in small peripheral carcinomas of the lung on thin-section CT: comparison with benign tumors. Despite improved techniques--such as bronchoscopy and percutaneous needle biopsy--to evaluate pulmonary nodules, there are still many cases in which surgical resection is necessary before carcinoma can be differentiated from benign lesions. The present study was undertaken to determine if the presence of an air bronchogram or air bronchiologram (patent visible bronchus or bronchiole) is useful in distinguishing small lung cancers from benign nodules. Thin-section chest CT scans were obtained in patients with 20 peripheral lung cancers less than 2 cm in diameter (18 adenocarcinomas, one squamous cell carcinoma, and one large cell carcinoma) and 20 small benign nodules (eight hamartomas, seven tuberculomas, two foci of aspergillosis, one focus of cryptococcosis, one chronic focal interstitial pneumonitis, and one plasma cell granuloma). The images were compared with regard to the patency of any bronchus or bronchiole within the lesions. After surgical resection, the specimens were inflated with agar and sectioned transversely to correlate gross morphology and low-power histologic sections with the CT appearance. An air bronchogram or air bronchiologram was seen in the tumors on 65% of CT scans and 70% of histologic sections. Benign nodules had a patent bronchus or bronchiole on CT scans and histologic sections in only one case (5%). These findings suggest that the presence of an air bronchogram in a lung nodule is a useful finding to help differentiate adenocarcinomas from benign lesions.  Long-term spinal administration of morphine in cancer and non-cancer pain: a retrospective study. Records of 313 patients who had been treated with spinal morphine via an implanted Port-A-Cath were reviewed. In 284 cases the Port-A-Cath was implanted for epidural delivery of morphine in patients with cancer-related pain. These patients were treated for a mean of 96 (range 1-1215) days. There was a wide variation in dose requirements, minimum daily dose ranging from 0.5 to 200 mg and maximum daily dose from 1 to 3072 mg. However, there was no clear trend to increasing dose as period of epidural morphine administration increased. The most frequent complications were pain on injection (12.0% incidence), occlusion of the portal system (10.9%), infection (8.1%) and leakage of administered morphine such that it did not all reach the epidural space (2.1%). In all but 1 case infections were limited to the area around the portal or along the catheter track. All infections resolved without sequelae following removal of the portal and/or administration of antibiotics. In 17 patients Port-A-Caths were implanted for the intrathecal delivery of morphine to control cancer-related pain. These patients also exhibited wide variations in morphine dose requirements. Port-A-Caths were also implanted for delivery of spinal morphine in 12 patients with chronic pain which was not related to cancer and which failed to respond to other therapies. These patients were treated for a mean of 155 (range 2-575) days. Port-A-Caths were removed from 7 of these patients, primarily due to infection (2 cases) and inadequate pain relief and pain on injection (2 cases).  Real-time ultrasound for the detection of deep venous thrombosis. PURPOSE: Accurate diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis (DVT) is a clinical problem in emergency practice. A prospective trial was conducted comparing real-time ultrasound with contrast venography in the diagnosis of proximal DVT. METHODS: Seventy patients whose clinical presentations mandated diagnostic evaluation for DVT had real-time ultrasound of the involved leg followed by contrast venography. Initial readings of ultrasound and venography were compared with each other and with final readings to assess reliability of interpretation. RESULTS: Final ultrasound readings agreed with final venogram readings in all patients. Negative initial ultrasound readings agreed with final venogram readings in 56 of 56 patients (negative predictive value, 100%; 95% confidence interval, 94 to 100). Eighteen patients had positive initial ultrasound readings compared with 14 who had positive final venogram readings (positive predictive value, 78%; 95% confidence interval, 55 to 91). CONCLUSION: Negative real-time ultrasonography reliably excludes proximal DVT. Positive ultrasound reliably diagnoses proximal DVT only in experienced hands.  Single- versus dual-chamber sensor-driven pacing: comparison of cardiac outputs.